hello friends of the guinea pigs here
you catch with a small group of dwarf guinea pigs
three months to explain the
differences between one and the other
This group of guinea pigs is short haired
the guinea pigs are basically divided into
short hair guinea pigs and hair guinea pigs
long and inside the hair guinea pigs
short we also have a great variety
of tonalities that I will now enter
detail if you want we start with the
from my right we're going to see if we 're
all still the tricolor guinea pig is very
simple is called tricolor because it has
three colors in this case white brown
and an ear patch in black
well we follow then for the most
small of all the hair guinea pigs
short fix that miniature with three
months a wonder is called guinea pig
Dutch and the same as the rabbit
Dutch is a guinea pig that crosses
a
white white stripe
more you look there and if it's more
little one that the rest and you will ask
smallest what is the normal size of
a guinea pig the normal size of a
adult guinea pig depends on whether it is male or
it is female normally females weight
adult is between 800 grams and one kilo
200 while the males go for a
kilo up to a kilo and a half to the
bigger that as long as no
they are fat because if they get fat
we can still get to overcome
those weights very well let's continue for
the
and Malay short hair and in color and Malay
the himalayas
is a guinea pig, fundamentally white or
toast with the red eyes and with the
tip of the extremities of your body
in black the tip of the
limbs we are talking about ears
legs
snout
back legs and hands and legs of
behind
and we finish with the Dalmatian that is like
the dog a marbled guinea pig
with the white background normally and
Marbled in brown or black
Very well, you see there, although all
they look very similar there are very colors
different from each other but yes all
encompassed within the group of guinea pigs
short hair